(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC V..."
(Officer)
She's gone, sir.
So far there's no
trace of her.
(Jean Michel Roget)
After that impact, there's no
way she could've gotten away
on her own.
Zuzu's okay.
So just chill.
I got her tucked away
safe and sound.
So no need to lose
your cool or anything.
Boy, that's
a relief.
I'm so glad
you found her.
Look out!
Yuya!
Time is
of the essence.
You must be aware that
Duel Academy could strike
at any moment, and
your friend Zuzu.
If you want to protect
her and Celina,
then it's in your best
interest to team with me.
I'll never
join you, Roget.
Zuzu Boyle was spotted
at the track.
Capture her
immediately.
No!
You better
leave Zuzu alone!
I knew I couldn't
trust you Roget,
I won't let you
hurt my friends!
If you do then
you'll answer to me!
(Sora)
I better find Zuzu soon, before
it's too late for both of us!
(man)
Enjoy your stay!
♪
♪ Hey hey
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Yuya)
Roget knows where Zuzu is...
He's gonna get to her unless
Sora gets to her first.
At Duel Academy, I had
classmates, but I don't know
if I had any friends.
There was no time for that.
But then when I met
you and Zuzu,
I felt like I finally
had my first real friends.
Sora...
That's why I can't
let them get her.
I won't let
them get her.
You have to find Zuzu
before Security does.
You just have to.
If anything were to happen to
her, I'd never forgive myself.
(Sora)
Zuzu, where'd you
run off to?
(siren approaching)
Copy that...
We'll pick up
Zuzu Boyle ASAP.
Security's got the lowdown
on Zuzu's locale.
Time to play
follow the leader.
Right clear!
Left clear!
Center clear!
Let's do it, Zuzu!
When you say """let's do
it," you don't...
(all three)
Go!
...mean jumping all
the way down there, do ya?
You're taller so you don't
have to fall as far!
(Amanda)
Yeah, Zuzu, come on!
(Terron)
Hurry up!
(groaning)
I didn't fall as far,
but I fell harder.
That jump's nothin'!
I guess Crow
winning that duel
gave us a lot
of extra energy!
Yeah.
Their match was just,
so awesome.
How could we not
get pumped up?
Yeah, stuff like
that makes me feel
like I can jump
to the moon!
Man, someday I'm gonna
get myself one of those
way cool Runners and do
jumps and pop wheelies!
Me, too!
And me three!
(man)
That's a pretty
dream, kids.
Too bad it'll
never come true.
It's security!
Oh, no!
(man 2)
Zuzu Boyle...
(Zuzu)
What do you want?
We have you
surrounded.
♪
(man 2)
Zuzu Boyle...
(Zuzu)
What do you want?
We have you
surrounded.
Not a hundred percent.
I spy a way out!
Then let's
shake our caboose!
Go!
Typical criminal.
Fleeing the scene
of a crime!
Your little escape route
is nothing but a dead end!
You're mine,
twerps!
Arrest them
Goyo Predator!
Director, we have the fugitive
and her accomplices in custody.
(Jean Michel Roget)
Well done.
Bring them
in immediately.
Yes, sir!
I'll come
along quietly,
so please can't you
let these kids go?
They have...
Nothing to do
with any of this.
Oh, yes we
do, Zuzu.
You're our friend, we're
not gonna stand around
and do nothing.
We're not letting 'em take you
anywhere, not now, not later,
not ever!
We're stickin' to
you like forever glue!
Thanks, guys.
But no...
If I only had
a Duel Disk...
You want Zuzu?
You're gonna have to
get through us first!
Yeah, we're gonna
bop you cops!
(man)
Heh.
That's some big talk
coming from such small fries!
Yuya...
(Sora)
Heads up!
(Zuzu)
Sora!
Looks like I'm late
to the party,
hope you don't
mind if I drop in!
And I brought
a plus one!
This is my buddy...
Frightfur Chimera!
And it brought you
a housewarming gift!
Don't you coppers have
some tickets to write
or doughnuts to eat?
Sora...
What're you
doing here?
Let's see if we get
out of this first
and we can chit
chat about that later!
Right.
Time for
their swan song!
To start things off
on the right note,
I'm blending the vocal stylings
of three Melodious monsters
to bring out a
singing sensation
who can really
belt one out!
Give it up for...
the blossoming beauty, Bloom
Prima the Melodious Choir!
But don't let her
beauty fool you,
When she's in perfect harmony
her voice will blow you away!
You're on,
Bloom Prima!
Hit it!
(groaning)
(all)
All right!
How 'bout an encore?
You heard him!
Bloom Prima, floor
these coppers for good!
Wrecking Refrain!
There's our
opening guys!
Move it!
Let's go!
Escape is not...
an option!
You're all going to be singing
the blues in The Facility!
(Zuzu)
No chance!
If you think you're gonna
send us away,
you're gonna have
to catch us first!
That's exactly what
I plan on doing!
Goyo Predator...
(growling)
Get your prey!
There's no outrunning
the long arm of the law!
...you're mine!
Not if I
can help it!
Fusion Fright Waltz will
put an end to your pursuit!
Sorry coppers, but this
dance card's all filled up!
Our monsters are partnering
up their attack points
and dancing their
way to victory!
Victory?
Yeah so watch this pair dance
the two‐step all over you!
Now...
Places please,
Chimera!
Center stage,
Bloom Prima!
It's just about time
for the big finale...
And the only ones in
the spotlight are you!
Bloom Prima, Chimera!
First our two dance
partners will politely meet!
Then they cut loose, party,
and move their feet!
Now let's give
this dance a whirl...
Easy, though!
No one wants
to hurl.
You'll start to grin!
Crack a Smile,
smirk and spin!
Bystanders gasp in
shock and awe.
Three of which
are young and small.
So since you're not
paying attention...
I think it's a
good time to mention...
Your Monster just
got destroyed!
Bet that'll
get you annoyed!
It was the first of three
to be wiped out!
Which brings us closer
to winning this bout!
My monsters do
hope you've all had fun.
Because our dynamic dance
is now fully done!
Whoops!
We almost
forgot about you!
But now that you're beat,
we've won
and this duel
is thoroughly through!
Thanks, Sora!
What a show!
Come on, Zuzu!
Let's get it
in gear!
Right!
Hurry, Sora!
(groaning)
You told me they
were in custody!
Yes, Director...
But some kid who Fusion
Summon got in our way.
Fusion...
It must
be Sora.
Attention Security.
Zuzu Boyle hasevaded
apprehension.
She is on the run
andshe is not alone.
If you spot her, arrest
her on sight.
Use any means necessary.
And when I say by any means,
I mean by any means!
You search
down there!
Don't let her
get away!
They gone?
Think so.
Ha!
I know so.
They're clueless.
You know, I never got
the chance to say thanks
for pulling me out
of that building.
That was you?
You're a hero.
What's your name?
Should we call you
super something?
(Terron)
Yeah! And it's
gotta sound super cool!
(Sora)
Not super
duper cool?
This is my friend
Sora!
Your friend?
Yep.
He's the one who taught me
all about Fusion Summoning!
Wow...
He must be a
real good teacher
cause' you two schooled
Security just now.
When I saw both your
monsters dancing together,
it was like watching
perfect partners!
Seeing it was a
thing of beauty...
... Two monsters
kicking booty!
They destroyed Security's
monsters one, two, three...
...So now we're free!
(Amanda)
Hey we sound
pretty good!
(Terron)
I think Frankie
needs some work.
Thanks for saving
me again.
I'm always getting
you into trouble.
If you hadn't run off
after the first time,
I wouldn't have had to
save you the second time.
Yeah, I'm sorry...
But I didn't know what do
when I woke up by myself.
Well, I guess it was my fault
for leaving you alone like that.
But I only did it 'cause I
wanted to let Yuya know
that you were okay
as quick as I could.
So how's Yuya doing?
We're not 100%
on that.
After he beat Shinji,
we haven't seen him since.
'Cause he probably took
off looking for you..
Yeah...
But that didn't
turn out too good.
I wanted to show him you
weren't in danger,
but that led me to
putting him in danger!
Look out!
Yuya!
Get outta here!
Take care
of Zuzu for me!
That means...
It's all my fault
Yuya's in trouble.
Zuzu...
(man)
You want a cerebral
restrictor for Yuya?
(Jean Michel Rochet)
Yes.
The restrictor will allow me
to directly control him,
the same way
I control Sergey.
Are you sure, Director?
I mean, the one you
implanted in Sergey,
the cerebral links
completely shorted out
and nearly cooked
his cranium.
We're barely
able to repair it.
Don't you think it's
too dangerous?
When will
it be ready?
It'll take until
Midnight tonight.
Then why are you wasting
time talking to me?
You have one hour!
The restrictor must be
in place and functional
for Yuya's match
tomorrow.
Yes...
I understood,
Director.
(Jean Michel Roget)
I have no doubt
that Duel Academy
will invade New Domino City
and steal away everything
that I have built!
But I cannot and
will not let that happen!
To fight against them, I will
need both Sergey and Yuya
to battle
under my control.
I can't keep
running forever.
I don't care
about Security.
I have to go
help Yuya.
No way,
no how, Zuzu!
Security's everywhere
what if they grab ya?
Yeah, and lock ya up
in The Facility forever?
I know...
But that's a risk
I'm willing to take.
You know why Security's
looking for you?
Sure I do.
I lost my duel so they
want to send me underground.
You think they sent this
whole Security force out
just to find some
girl who lost a match?
Then why am
I so special?
They have to find you
before Duel Academy does.
Duel Academy's going to invade
this world sooner than later
and try to
take you away.
And I can't let
that happen.
So you running around
trying to save Yuya
isn't an
option right now.
I'm not letting you out
of my sight again Zuzu.
You're staying put.
Sora... so you're
totally on our side now.
And you're gonna fight
against Duel Academy?
Well...
Well what, Sora?
Are you or
aren't you?
Look, Zuzu.
Duel Academy's been my
home for my entire life.
But you know what
they've done!
You can't let the past
control what you do now.
You have to fight for
what you think is right.
You make it
sound so easy.
But I was brought up and
raised by Duel Academy.
I was one of their
elite fighters.
They taught me
everything I know.
What's he
talking about?
What's this Duel Academy
mumbo jumbo?
I heard Zuzu say
somethin' about it
and it sure
sounded scary.
Yeah...
I remember.
But these two
are friends.
Why would Sora's people wanna
come here and attack us?
We are friends.
So that's why I'm
helping you out Zuzu.
Even though the invasion
can't be stopped...
I can still
help you out.
I should have done this
when I first found you.
It was foolish of me to
wait and risk your safety.
What're you doing?
I'm sending
you home, Zuzu.
Back to your family
and friends.
Sora!
No, you won't!
I'm not abandoning
my friends.
Either we all go home
together, or none of us go!
That's the only way.
I will not leave
my friends behind.
Come on Zuzu, I know
how you feel but...
Who's there?
It is I,
Moon Shadow.
You may not know me, but
you know my brother Sun Shadow.
You turned him into a card
and now you will
pay for your actions.
I know in my heart his
spirit led me here to you,
finally face‐to‐face, so I
can battle to avenge him!
No, Moon Shadow!
We're all on the same
team now, he's one of us!
He is no ally
of mine!
He is my
sworn enemy!
Not anymore!
Tell him, Sora...
Tell him you don't do
stuff like that anymore!
Moon Shadow,
Sora's our friend.
He saved me and he's trying
to get us all home.
And I'm going to...
I will get you back to
your friends and family.
And like you said,
I'm going to make sure
no one gets
left behind!
I apologize for what I
did to your brother,
and I know just being sorry
about it doesn't bring him back.
If my apology isn't enough, you
can do whatever you want to me.
The only thing I ask is that
you give me enough time
to keep my
promise to Yuya.
Promise?
I promised Yuya that
I'd protect Zuzu,
and that's one
promise that I want to keep.
You gotta at least
give me that.
Zuzu, you know yourself that
you can't be running around
with Security
on every corner.
Since you can't get to Yuya,
I'll bring Yuya to you,
it's the only option.
And then Moon Shadow,
I'm all yours.
Do whatever
you like.
I'm at
your mercy.
Agreed.
Until then, I will keep Zuzu
and the children safe.
I know of a secret
place in the underground
hidden from prying eyes
of Sector Securty.
The underground's
bad news!
Are they gonna make us
work hard all the time
if we go down
there with you?
Why can't we
stay here?
It may be hard for you to
believe because you are children
with teeny‐weeny thoughts,
but the Underground
is much safer
than the streets
of this city
with hundreds of Sector
Security forces around.
They've even taken control
of the High Council.
When there is nowhere
safe above ground,
even the mighty
grizzly hides below.
Worry not.
I promise you
will be safe there.
We will have the help of
the Lancers underground
to assure it.
Alright.
At least I know we
have friends down there.
(Sora)
And up here.
I told you I'd bring Yuya
to you and I will.
And I'll make sure both
of you and all your friends
can go home together.
Right.
I trust you.
Because you're a
great friend, Sora.
And what's more,
you're my teacher.
If you can't trust your
teacher, who can you trust?
Zuzu...
Your form's
totally terrible!
It's elbows in
like this!
It still show's that there is a
lot you have to learn from me,
a lot!
(giggling)
Well, I sure do hope y'all
are ready for the next dustup!
Battling for a spot in
the semifinals is...
Yugo and Celina!
(Jean Michel Roget)
Sergey and Yuya are
very important to me.
But so is Celina.
For the City to be all mine,
these three are instrumental
in my plans for
a total checkmate.
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and
make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪